Now there is a tiny fix or a tiny improvement.
When I apply if we check our off page we can see that in the end in on the validation rules for the
password we expect a minimum length of five characters.
Now on the back end on the user routes you see I expect a minimum length of six characters.
Now I like six better.
So we'll actually all to tweak this on the front end to be six so that this is equal just a little thing
so that we don't allow access on the front end if we treat something as valid which would then deem
as treat valid on the back end to prove the problem we would have had if I set this back to five on
the front end if I switch to sign up and I create a new user manual with test for at test dot com which
is take an email address.
Now here if I enter a valid password on the front and with five characters I would get an invalid inputs
past error which of course is a super bad user experience because it seemed valid.
Now if I switched is to six here on the front end as well this changes.
Now if I go to sign up and I tried to create manual as a user
I have to add at least six characters for this to be valid.
And then I can indeed sign up and surprisingly manual looks like me.
Awesome.
So this now works.
One other issue we see however is of course that after logging in I can also edit and delete here even
though I'm now logged in with manual.
And in general if I do log in let's say with test to a test that com which all is an arbitrary user
I can also click added and delete and these buttons all the will work.
Now the reason for Dad simply is that if we check out the place item J.S. component there I do render
these buttons whenever I am logged in.
Now I actually we can improve does as well.
Now we are storing the user I.D. in the off context as well.
Keep in mind if we are logging in an app G.S. I do set my user I.D. and I do pass that back into off
context so since we have to user I.D. stored there on a place item we can actually refine this and not
check whether we're locked in.
But instead check whether the user I.D. is the same I.D. as the creator of this place because when I
create my place item I forward the creator I.D. here so on place item here I actually can say check
if user I.D. is equal to props creator I.D. and only if that's equal I want to show these buttons.
So if I save that and it reloads when I'm not authenticated I don't see them.
Now if a log in with the wrong user who did not create these places I also don't see them and only if
I log in with the correct user here I do see them.
So that is an improvement here both here on place item as well as the off page with the authentication
to make sure we provide the correct user experience.
Oh and here on the off page of course I also want to tweak my error message here to reflect the new
requirement of six characters for the password.
This is it though with that we're having a good state here and we can certainly continue.